Name: Jamie Zhang
ID: cs11fmd
Date: Dec 11, 2014
File: README
Sources of Help: none

Program Description:
This assignment is a library of shapes.
Each shape has a name and a number of points that are used
to draw the shape in a location on a canvas. 
The shapes that can be drawn are:
Rectangle
Square
Triangle
Line
Circle

You can create a shape by setting points and size.
For a rectangle, you can set its upper left corner point, width, and height.
For a square, you can set its upper left corner point and side length.
For a triangle, you can set the three points that make up the triangle.
For a line, you can set the two endpoints.
For a circle, you can set the center point of the circle and the radius.

Each shape can be  manipulated in various ways.
move() will move the shape a number of pixels in the x direction and a number
of pixels in the y direction.
toString() will return the shape's name, points, and size (if applicable)
and print it.
equals() will check if two shapes are the same.
hashCode() will return the shape as an unique integer.
draw() will draw the shape on the canvas (you can choose whether or not
you want the shape to be filled or not, and you can choose the color).

With these shapes, you can draw pictures.


Short Answer: 
1. You could use "==" to test if line1 and line2 are referencing 
the same object or not. If they are, then the copy constructor 
is not doing a deep copy. 
2. We assume that when we call the constructor to initialize line1 and 
line2 that setStart() and setEnd() create new points from the 2 points that are 
passed in as actual arguments. Therefore, point1 and point2 in line1 are
different objects from point1 and point2 in line2. So, if we run
the equals() method and the return value is false, we know that 
the method is doing a shallow comparison, because it is comparing 
the references. If the return value is true, we know that the method
is doing a deep comparison because it is comparing the x and y values of the
points (which are the same for both lines).
