Name: Jamie Zhang
ID: cs11fmd
Date: November 11, 2014
File: README
Sources of Help: Google

Program Description:
AnimalSpeak:
This program sets up an AppletViewer window which the user can manipulate.
The user can run this program by first opening the terminal, entering the
directory using the command "cd pa5", compiling the program using the command
"javac -cp ./objectdraw.jar:. AnimalSpeak.java",
and finally running the program using the command
"appletviewer AnimalSpeak.html".

When opened, the user is faced with three rows of three images each (nine
images total), each of a different animal. Near the bottom of the AppletViewer
window, the user is asked the question "Which animal says [insert animal sound
here]?" The user then clicks on the image of the animal that makes the sound
asked in the question. If the user clicks on the correct image, a green border
appears around the image, and the text "Correct -- Click mouse to restart." 
appears. When the user clicks in the window after choosing a correct answer, 
the user is prompted with a new question. If the user clicks on the 
incorrect image, a red border appears around the image, and the text "Wrong - 
Try Again!" appears. The user can then try again by clicking on another image.
The goal of the game is to choose the correct images.


Memory: 
This program sets up an AppletViewer window which the user can manipulate.
The user can run this program by first opening the terminal, entering the
directory using the command "cd pa5", compiling the program using the command
"javac -cp ./objectdraw.jar:. Memory.java",
and finally running the program using the command
"appletviewer Memory.html".

When opened, the user is faced with hidden images, each with a black border. 
Clicking on an image reveals the image of an animal. The user can then click 
on another image to reveal a second animal. If the two animal images match, a 
green border appears around the two images, and the two images stay faceup.
The sound the animal makes appears as a text at the bottom of the window.
If the two animal images don't match, a red border appears around the
two images; on the next click, the two images are rehidden, and if the mouse
click was on an image, that new image is shown. Images that were already
matched correctly cannot be rematched. The goal of the game is to match all
the images correctly.


Short Answer: 
1) "$" in command mode to move to the end of a line
   "0" in command mode to move to beginning of a line (including whitespace)
   "^" in command mode to move to the first non-whitespace character
2) "V" in command mode to highlight/select the line the cursor is currently on
3) The keyword static in regards to variables means that the variable is
   associated with the class rather than the object, and the variable is 
   shared among the different instances of the class.
4) The keyword static in regards to a method means that the method is
   associated with the class rather than an object. This means that the method
   can be called without an object being made. An example use would be when 
   you don't need an object to be made, but you want to call the program to 
   do something. An example of a static method is Math.sqrt().
5) Overriding is when a subclass/child class has the same method as its 
   superclass/parent class and it redefines that method. An example would be
   when we extended WindowController and redefined the methods "begin()", 
   "onMousePress()", etc. in our own program.
6) cut -c 5-13 foo
